Update `lib.rst` (#18605)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/lib.rst

* `macrocache <macrocache.html>`_
  Provides an API for macros to collect compile-time information across modules.

> 

Reviewer: > removed mersenne and sums because they're deprecated (assuming Deprecate std/sums #18439 gets merged)

instead, the removal of sums from lib.rst should be done in #18439; for mersenne it's fine since that module was already deprecated

----------

* `algorithm <algorithm.html>`_

>   This module implements some common generic algorithms on `openArray`s.

Reviewer 2: How is that description better? `sort` is something I need to do, openArray an implementation detail.

```suggestion
  This module implements some common generic algorithms like sort or binary search.
```

* `enumutils <enumutils.html>`_

>   This module adds functionality for `enum`s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This module adds functionality for the built-in `enum` type.
```

Author: `enum` itself isn't a type though, I don't see how "the builtin `enum` type" makes sense.

Reviewer 2: Good point, oh well.

  This module implements the `with` macro for easy function chaining.

Modules for the JS backend
--------------------------

* `asyncjs <asyncjs.html>`_
  Types and macros for writing asynchronous procedures in JavaScript.

* `dom <dom.html>`_
  Declaration of the Document Object Model for the JS backend.

* `jsbigints <jsbigints.html>`_
  Arbitrary precision integers.

> 

Reviewer 3: No love for `jsfetch` ?. 😭

Author: I'll try to add it in a future PR.

  Wrapper for OpenSSL.

Unstable

> ========

Reviewer: not a fan of this category, IMO it's better to move those to a topic section (TBD) and indicate in the module description that the module is unstable/experimental

rationale: if a user is looking for how to do X, they should be able to look for it in corresponding category; then up to them to decide whether they're ok with using a module marked as unstable/experimental

* `atomics <atomics.html>`_
  Types and operations for atomic operations and lockless algorithms.

> 

Reviewer: >  I didn't move them to the "Unstable" section, because I think they fit better in their current category.

indeed, a unstable section is the wrong way to organize things; also, some modules have stable and unstable APIs; for modules that are indeed unstable/experimental, we could just defer to the docs on those modules; a user of those modules would have to read those docs anyways; if really needed, we could add an `(unstable/experimental)` note in the comment next to such modules without having to put them in an unstable category

Author: Makes sense, I removed the "Unstable" category.
